##Humans
They are the weakest intelligent species in the kingdoms. 1/70 humans are born with natural elemental powers, and are forced to learn alchemy, magic, or spells to keep up and coexist with the more powerful species. They are usually teachers, as they know their ways around magic well. Life span ranges from 0 - 100 years. They make up about 5% of the population of both kingdoms.

##Elves
They are the second weakest species, next to humans. 1/30 are born with natural powers, and the rest of the population learns magic. Elves, depending on which elf race they are, will have stronger magic in the element they are born with. For example, most elves are nature based, so are very powerful Nature Mages. 0.3% of the populations of Elves are born with the light element, and are automatically royalty. The same goes for UnHoly Kingdom, just with dark element elves. They make up most of the population in the Unholy Kingdom, and have an Elf crowned as king at the moment. Elves are often found as royal families, or soldiers. They can grow from 3 feet to 10 feet tall. Life span ranges from 0 - 250 years. This is the most common species, making about 50 - 55% of the population in the Sovereign kingdom and 45% in the Unholy kingdom.

##Orcs
They are one of the strongest species in the kingdoms, and stand beside Cyclops. Orcs rely solely on their brute strength and weapons, and have no connection whatsoever to the elements. (In this universe) Orcs are the corrupt versions of elves and are cousin species with them, and have appeared since the early days of time, though that does not mean all have a heart of cruelty. They can grow up 5 to 12 feet tall, though Orc Leaders can grow to be 15 feet tall. They make up about 0.1% of the population of Sovereignia, and 20% of the population of Shadix, most of them residing in the Undead Forest, along Shadow-Lurkers and Trolls. Their life spans from 0 - 180 years.

##Trolls
They stand right underneath Orcs and Cyclops in the tier list. They are big, brute and ugly, and rely on both magic and brute strength. Only 1/20 of the population of trolls can successfully learn magic, as most trolls rely on instinct and violence rather than their mind. They mostly live in the Undead Forest, making up 10% of the population of Shadix, and 0.1% of the population in Sovereignia. Many trolls who make it to Sovereignia do not survive long as they go insane from the stench of Christian Blood. They can grow from 6 to 10 feet in height. Their life spans from 0 to 100 years.

##Hellhounds, Unicorns, Alicorns, Pegasus
These species don't really count as citizens, but they still reside in their own habitats. Unicorns, Alicons and Pegasus are only found in the interior of the Sovereign Kingdom and a few select dark species reside in Shadix, and hellhounds are found all over the Unholy Kingdom and Dead Man’s Land.

##Shadow-Lurkers
They reside only in Dead mans Land and in the Undead Forest. They are pure forms of shadows and dark energy which roam the lands and feed off of the 7 deadly sins residing in each species. They will often not make themselves seen unless they are provoking someone, and often lurk the earth in pain and sadness, often whispering strange things. They only stay passive towards the citizens of Shadix, as they recognize them as people to protect. They are immortal and have roamed the earth since the start of time, even before Angels and Demons. Only Angels with pure magic can kill Shadow-Lurkers, but people with pure hearts and the ability to rebuke and not give in to their sins can evade them. The only reason Shadow-Lurkers are immortal is because Angels see no point in killing the species, especially since they barely reproduce. They are for the most part harmless. Legend says that evil and corrupt souls of the dead turn into Shadow-Lurkers, which is why they roam Ensorcia in pain. They make up 10% of Shadix, and an unknown number of the population in Dead Man's Land.

##Hybrids
This is the second most common species in the Sovereign Kingdom, and make up about 20% of the population, and 5% in Shadix. The most common hybrid is a bird and human mix. They are unable to learn magic, as their hybrid body clashes with the spells. Though, they can morph back and forth through their mixed species. They Can grow to be 3 feet to 15 feet, and stand just above Elves. Life span ranges from 0 - 90 years old. They do not live that long, as their bodies can not stay strong long due to mixed cells.

##Cyclops
They make up about 18% of the population in Soveregnia and 5% in Shadix. They are strong and brute but gentle, and most have a heart full of love. They are often seen at blacksmiths, soldiers or daycare owners, but will quickly turn into angry monsters when it comes to protecting citizens. They grow from 6 to 18 feet tall and live from 0 to 250 years old, the older Cyclops often turning into Town Counsel.

##Dragons
They are the third strongest species, right under Demons and Angels. They reside only in the mountains of the Sovereign Kingdom, and only 2 Large Dark dragons live in the Unholy Kingdom. They make up 2% of the Sovereign Kingdom, and 0.0008% of Shadix, meaning there are only 2 that live there. They are a second part of the military of Sovereignia and are the richest village. They live in the caves of the Growling Mountains, and live in luxury, and are very intelligent. They are many different Dragon races, but only 2 have ever been Dark Dragons. The most common dragon race is fire and ice. They live from 0 - 5000 years of life, and can grow to be 1 meters (3 feet) to 120 meters (393 feet) in height. They are not easy to kill, as they have thick skin and outpower most who live on the ground.

##Angels
They are the most powerful species in Ensorcia, standing just a bit higher than Demons, they are almost equal in power. Angels reside only in Sovereignia, and are made of pure light magic, being able to defeat dark magic within a single hit. They are very holy, kind pure of heart. They love everyone, even their enemies, and wished they did not have to go to war. Now with an Angel crowned as Queen, she ended the war. They have existed since the beginning of time and were born from the brightest light of heaven. They are for the most part Immortal, and can only be defeated by a fallen angel (Biologically an Angel which became corrupt) or a strong amount of pure dark magic. Every 80 years, the heavens give an angel to Ensorcia to protect its people. There are only 12 alive at the moment, another will be born in 35 years. They grow from 3 to 6 feet and have pure white wings, and a ring of light above their heads, making an illusion of a halo. They often leave the palace and show love to their citizens.

##Demons
They are the second most powerful species in Ensorcia, almost equal to Angels. They have existed since the beginning of time and were born out of darkness, from the darkest depths of hell. They are for the most part immortal and can only be defeated by Angels, or a large amount of pure light magic. There are 30 alive, and are created from heavily corrupt species, or are born from the darkness of hell every 50 years. They grow from 4 to 6'6 feet and have large bat-like wings, large horns growing out their heads and large fangs growing from their mouths. They often stay within the palace, being powerful rulers from afar.